The ID naming convention for molecules is as follows:
    1) Template IDs are a lower case 't' appended with an enumeration value. For example, template 1 will have an ID of
        t1. The following are all the template IDs:
            - template 1 = t1
            - template 2 = t2
            - template 3 = t3
    2) Backbone IDs are a lower case letter. The following are all backbone IDs:
            - alpha amino acid = a
            - beta2 amino acid = b
            - beta3 amino acid = c
    3) Unmodified side chains are given uppercase letter IDs (single or multi-letter) that do not conflict with
        existing amino acid single letter codes.
    4) Modified side chains IDs are dervied from the parent unmodified side chain ID concatenated with an enumeration
        value. For example, unmodified side chain has an ID of B, and produces 5 modified side chains, then the modified
        side chain IDs would be B1, B2, B3, B4, B5.
    5) Monomer IDs are derived from the modified side chain ID with the backbone ID appended to the front. For example an
        alpha amino acid combined with side chain B1 would be assigned the ID aB1. Monomers not derived from a side chain
        are assigned IDs as if they were derived from a side chain. For example, a modified proline may be given an ID
        XY -> aXY.
    6) Peptide IDs are the concatenation of the monomer IDs that make up the peptide. For example, a peptide consisting
        of 3 monomers aB1, Y, cB3 would be aB1YcB3.
    7) Tp-hybrid IDs are the corresponding peptide's ID with the corresponding template ID appended to the front, and
        possibly a single lower case letter and/or an enumeration value appened to the back to denote if the c-terminus
        has been changed and any methylation patterns introduced. For example, a tp-hybrid consisting of peptide
        aB1YcB3 with a c-terminus and template 1 would have an ID of t1aB1YcB3. The same tp-hybrid with an amide terminus
        would have ID t1aB1YcB3n, and if there were 2 more of the same tp-hybrid with different methylation patterns, the
        IDs of those molecules would be t1aB1YcB3n1 and t1aB1YcB3n2. The following are codes for different termini:
            - c-terminus = <blank>
            - amide-terminus = n
    8) Candidate macrocycle IDs have a lower case 'c' with an enumeration value appended to the front of the corresponding
        tp-hybrid ID. For example, if the tp-hybrid t1aB1YcB3 produces 3 candidate macrocycles, then the corresponding
        IDs would be c1t1aB1YcB3, c2t1aB1YcB3, c3t1aB1YcB3. These IDs are stored in the database under the general ID of
        ct1aB1YcB3.
    9) Conformer IDs are the corresponding candidate's ID with an enumeration value appended to the front. For example, the
        first 2 conformers for candidate c1t1aB1YcB3 would be 1c1t1aB1YcB3 and 2c1t1aB1YcB3.